# graduation-project



 Digital transformation has become one of the things that countries seek to implement in various fields, as it saves time and effort. Egypt is also laying out Egypt's 2030 vision for digital transformation, so we decided that the graduation project would be beneficial to the country and serve society. It is a system for identifying cars and collecting fees automatically through a program or a website without the need for toll gates on the road. But with a camera that captures the car and through an artificial intelligence model, we will recognize the car and add the fees to the account of the car owner. This system can be used for many services such as paying fines, taking care of stolen cars, and others. The owner of the car is not obligated to pay the fees at the same time as the traffic, but he has a time determined by the Traffic Department to pay, and he is not obligated to pay for himself, but he can activate the automatic payment feature, and the car can be photographed and show all the data of the car and the data of the owner of the car, and this feature is one of the powers of the traffic police and the traffic police will help So much so that you don't need to see it on your driver ID or driver's license
  Road gates force cars to stop to take cash, and some days the road is crowded, and these gates are the cause of road congestion. This causes problems for many citizens because they are late for their important appointments. And we do not need such procedures that we can replace with an automated system. The state also imposes construction and operating costs and salaries of employees and soldiers for protection. In cases of car theft, we cannot identify them

  After the automatic toll collection system is established, cars do not need to stop and there will be no congestion on the road. We can identify stolen cars. We can also integrate this system into state agencies to track and trace stolen vehicles. This is an important step in implementing the country's digital transformation plan. All we need is a camera on the road instead of huge gates
